Running RubyEncoder 

RubyEncoder is a command line executable file named 'rubyencoder'. You may
find it in the RubyEncoder installation directory in the /bin subdirectory. 
In your terminal change the current directory to the RubyEncoder installation
directory and type bin/rubyencoder to run the encoder.

First run 

You need to read and accept the RubyEncoder license during the first run of
the encoder. The License will only be displayed on the first run. Please read
it, press the Enter/Return key for the next page, and finally if you agree
with the license, type "I AGREE" and press the Enter/Return key on the last
page when asked. It is a requirement that you need to accept the license terms
in order to continue. 

If the RubyEncoder license is accepted you will receive a web link to our site
and a hexadecimal registration code on the screen. You need to visit the
following URL: http://www.rubyencoder.com/ and login using the username and
password we provided to the specified email account provided during your
download or purchase. If the username and password are correct you will be
logged into the "My Account" area. 

Once you have entered the system, select the hexadecimal registration code
that was displayed earlier by the RubyEncoder application. Copy and paste this
into the corresponding field of the "My Account" area on our site ("Enter
registration key") in the "Available Licenses" section. When you have have
done the above, Click on "Create License" and this will generate a license.
Download will start automatically. If it does not start then click on the
"Download" link in the "Available licenses" section. 

Save the license (encode.lic) file that is created and copy it into the
command line encoder installation directory into bin/ subdirectory. 

Usage

Run the bin/rubyencoder executable without parameters to get the list of all
available options. Please refer to the user manual for details on using the
encoder. RubyEncoder user manual is included to the installation package.
Please find it in the RubyEncoder installation directory or download from our
site: http://rubyencoder.com/support/files/User_Manual.pdf

RubyEncoder site:   http://www.rubyencoder.com
Support:            support@rubyencoder.com

